Exercises:

1)
FUNCTION makeCoffee
 IF coffee maker is unplugged THEN
  PLUG in coffee maker
  ELSE
    IF no filter is inserted THEN
      INSERT filter into coffee maker
    END IF  
 END IF  
  Scoop and pour coffee grinds into coffee filter
  IF water reservoir is empty THEN 
    Pour appropriate amount of water into coffee maker
   ELSE 
     PLACE carafe into position in coffee maker
  END IF   
  PRESS brew button
END FUNCTION

FUNCTION washDishes
 IF drying rack is not in position THEN
   PLACE drying rack next to sink
  ELSE 
   SQUEEZE dish soap onto sponge
 END IF
 IF faucet is turned off THEN
   TURN on faucet
  ELSE
   Pick up and hold dirty dish in one hand AND hold sponge in free hand
 END IF  
  Rub entire surface of dish with sponge AND THEN
  Rinse dish under running water
  IF dish is still dirty THEN
    CALL washDishes on dish
   ELSE
     PLACE dish in drying rack
END FUNCTION

FUNCTION changeLightBulb
 IF light switch is turned on THEN
   Switch light switch to off position
  ELSE
   Unscrew current light bulb by rotating it left until loose
 END IF
  SELECT a new light bulb AND Install new light bulb by rotating it right until tight
  Switch light switch to on position
    IF new light bulb is working THEN
      RETURN
     ELSE IF new light bulb is not working THEN
       WHILE new light bulb inventoryCount is greater than 0
         CALL changeLightBulb on new light bulb
       END WHILE
     ELSE get a new lamp
    END IF
END FUNCTION

2)
  1: UBER is impressive becaue their algorithm must, find the nearest driver to your pick up location, 
     find quickest path to destination and calculate price all in timely manner.
  
  2: Domono's Pizza is very efficient. Their algorithm receives your order, builds and cooks 
     your pizza accurately and quickly, then delivers your pizza to your address in a given amount of time
     to ensure your pizza is not cold by the time you receive it.
  
  3: Chipotle is able to accommodate a lot of customers in a relatively short period of time.  This is due
     to their efficient algorithm.  Each customer starts at the same point and is brought through the same 
     sequence of steps/decisions.  Each decision includes very few options, so the customer doesn't need to
     spend time thinking about their response.

3) An efficient algorithm will accomplish the goal in shorter amount of time without comprimising accuracy.
   To accomplish this, efficient algorithms will not have any unneccessary steps/directions.  Each step/direction 
   in the algorithm is relevant and is needed to achieve the desired result.  Also, each step/direction in the
   algorithm will be clear with what it is asking for and will not be able to be interpeted in multiple ways.


